PROBLEM STATEMENT : It seems that another encrypted message has been intercepted. The encryptor seems to have learned their lesson though and now there isn't any punctuation! Can you still
crack the cipher? Download the message here.

HINT 1 : Try refining your frequency attack, maybe analyzing groups of letters would improve your results?

The message file contains:
isnfnnpctitnznfmxhisnfwnxxntimjxctsnascdstushhxuhgqbinftnubfciruhgqnicichktckuxbackdurjnfqmifchimkabturjnfusmxxnkdnisntnuhgqnicichktehubtqfcgmfcxrhktrtingtmagckctifmichkebkamgnkimxtwscusmfnz
nfrbtnebxmkagmfonimjxntocxxtshwnznfwnjnxcnznisnqfhqnfqbfqhtnhemscdstushhxuhgqbinftnubfciruhgqnicichkctkhihkxrihinmuszmxbmjxntocxxtjbimxthihdnitibankitckinfntinackmkanpucinamjhbiuhgqbinftucnk
unanenktcznuhgqnicichktmfnheinkxmjhfchbtmeemcftmkauhgnahwkihfbkkckdusnuoxctitmkanpnubickduhkecdtufcqitheenktnhkisnhisnfsmkactsnmzcxrehubtnahknpqxhfmichkmkacgqfhzctmichkmkaheinksmtnxngnkitheq
xmrwnjnxcnznmuhgqnicichkihbusckdhkisnheenktcznnxngnkitheuhgqbinftnubfcirctisnfnehfnmjniinfznscuxnehfinusnzmkdnxctgihtibankitckmgnfcumkscdstushhxtebfisnfwnjnxcnznismimkbkanftimkackdheheenktcz
ninuskcvbntctnttnkicmxehfghbkickdmkneenuicznanenktnmkaismiisnihhxtmkauhkecdbfmichkehubtnkuhbkinfnackanenktcznuhgqnicichktahntkhixnmatibankitihokhwisncfnkngrmtneenuicznxrmtinmusckdisngihmuicz
nxrisckoxconmkmiimuonfqcuhuiectmkheenktcznxrhfcnkinascdstushhxuhgqbinftnubfciruhgqnicichkismitnnotihdnknfminckinfntickuhgqbinftucnkunmghkdscdstushhxnftinmusckdisngnkhbdsmjhbiuhgqbinftnubfcir
ihqcvbnisncfubfchtcirghiczmickdisngihnpqxhfnhkisncfhwkmkankmjxckdisngihjniinfanenkaisncfgmusckntisnexmdctqcuhUIE{K6F4G_4K41R515_15_73A10B5_702E03EU}

I used the same website as the substitution1 and got the result.

The decoded text (after correcting the pucntuations and making it readable) :
There exist several other well-established high school computer security competitions, including CyberPatriot and the U.S. Cyber Challenge. These competitions focus primarily on system
administration fundamentals, which are very useful and marketable skills. However, we believe the proper purpose of a high school computer security competition is not only to teach valuable
skills but also to get students interested in and excited about computer science. Defensive competitions are often laborious affairs and come down to running checklists and executing
config scripts. Offense, on the other hand, is heavily focused on exploration and improvisation and often has elements of play. We believe a competition touching on the offensive elements
of computer security is, therefore, a better vehicle for tech evangelism to students in American high schools. Further, we believe that an understanding of offensive techniques is
essential for mounting an effective defense and that the tools-and-configuration focus encountered in defensive competitions does not lead students to know their enemy as effectively as
teaching them to actively think like an attacker. picoCTF is an offensively oriented high school computer security competition that seeks to generate interest in computer science among high
schoolers. It teaches them enough about computer security to pique their curiosity, motivates them to explore on their own, and enables them to better defend their machines. The flag is
picoCTF{N6R4M_4N41Y515_15_73D10U5_702F03FC}.

Flag : picoCTF{N6R4M_4N41Y515_15_73D10U5_702F03FC}
